# RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Address** | **string** | The address of the external wallet to remove from a player. | 
**Nonce** | **int32** | Any positive integer that hasn&#39;t been used previously to connect or disconnect this external wallet. Must be the same nonce used to generate the &#x60;signature&#x60;. | 
**Signature** | **string** | A signature string generated by signing a keccak256 hash generated with abiCoder encode arguments of &#x60;[ &#39;bytes32&#39;, &#39;address&#39;, &#39;bool&#39;, &#39;address&#39;, &#39;uint256&#39; ]&#x60; and &#x60;[ keccak256(gameId), delegate wallet unapproved (player&#39;s custodial wallet address), false, external wallet address, any unused nonce number ]&#x60;. | 
**Chain** | **string** | The blockchain you want to remove this wallet connection on. If you need to remove it on multiple blockchains, make multiple requests using different &#x60;chain&#x60; arguments. Support for new blockchains are added over time. | 

## Methods

### NewRemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest

`func NewRemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest(address string, nonce int32, signature string, chain string, ) *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest`

NewRemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest instantiates a new RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewRemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequestWithDefaults

`func NewRemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequestWithDefaults() *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest`

NewRemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAddress

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetAddress() string`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) SetAddress(v string)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.


### GetNonce

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetNonce() int32`

GetNonce returns the Nonce field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNonceOk

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetNonceOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNonceOk returns a tuple with the Nonce field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNonce

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) SetNonce(v int32)`

SetNonce sets Nonce field to given value.


### GetSignature

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.


### GetChain

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetChain() string`

GetChain returns the Chain field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetChainOk

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) GetChainOk() (*string, bool)`

GetChainOk returns a tuple with the Chain field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetChain

`func (o *RemovePlayerConnectedWalletRequest) SetChain(v string)`

SetChain sets Chain field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


